ladies and gentlemen you ready to kick
this show off coming to the stage is a
great comedian he's a good friend of
mine you might have seen him on EA and E
and vh1 he's a great comedian you having
a good time please welcome Peter bales
Leyzaola thank you thank you how about a
hand for your host Brian she'll come on
give that man a hand he's terrific
everybody looks like somebody I know I
saw when I walked up a lot of you were
thinking of great Bill Gates is doing
comedy now not Bill Gates my name is
Peter bale spelled v-a-l-e has a very
simple name but without fail the first
day of school the teacher used to read
my name off the list and say Peter balls
and the guys would tease me all year my
nickname would be balls and I hated that
and I thought when I was done with
school I was done with hearing that but
without fail at least twice a year in a
restaurant I still hear balls
party of two two balls
and I have to walk to the podium hello
I'm balls this is my wife hooters
let me ask is there a lawyer in the
audience is anybody out there an
attorney squeal on your friends come on
hold big crowd here tonight is there a
glazier in of you're a lawyer come on
squeal on your friends way in the back
oh no I'm sorry that was the crackhead
does anyone seriously an attorney well
let's talk about these people that
nobody let's talk about it folks applaud
if you think Americans sue too much for
stupid reasons
I read in the Daily News
a woman in Manhattan sued a hair salon
because she thought they cut her hair
too short she had big ears she'd stay in
for four months the good news is she
lost the case and on the way out the
judge said so long Dumbo
my dad just retired check this out my
father worked for 30 years in the
complaint department at the motor
vehicle Bureau really messed about
mentally now all he does is sit on the
front lawn in a lounge chair give the
finger to past motorists ah proud father
of two kids regenerative kids kids of
any age good to all the evidence how old
are you kids 18 and 12 tough ages right
right now as we speak this very moment
the 18 year old is saying to the 12 year
old just try it
oh look at your husband he's sitting
right there go they went through my
drawers
they found the bong in the closet up ten
women have the upper hand in life I was
once fired from a job for rudeness to a
female customer I was working for an
optician behind the counter selling
eyeglasses this incredibly ugly woman
with an attitude comes in and says my
husband needs glasses and I said he
really does
my time is up you guys have been great
my name is Peter Bell
thank you
beat it down here come on Peter bail